in issue be dealers today I'm gonna show
you how to draw a clone real easy well
it's the world on a little plinth thing
isn't it so the world is round so you
need to draw a circle and you're going
to have the North Pole because it's
tilted isn't it so if you imagined the
axis but it's kind of running there and
then maybe you're going to see kind of a
South Pole there and maybe a bit of the
North Pole at the top and then you're
going to get you're going to get one
kind of like coming straight down like
that and then they're going to start
kind of getting like that aren't they
can the melon slices so I'm doing this
really really quickly
and then again here you're not going to
get one going straight across because
but you're going to get one kind of in
the middle and so this will be the
equator and because it's tilted that
will be going at an angle like that so
though these those these are the lines
of latitude only that's right so they
will be going like that and these will
be coming more and more kind of
elliptical as you come down to the
bottom which means then you're going to
have a bit sticking out there and it's
kind of kind of come around the back
there so you can imagine them you can't
roll all the way through this is the bit
that sort of holes the whole thing on
and that will be more solid there and
you'll see the end of it there there's
the bit that it all sticks on and here's
a little bit that it that holds it onto
the table now I live in the UK so we you
know we like to put Britain in the
middle of it there in Norway everything
like that here we have Europe blah blah
blah there's Africa and India around
there
we're going to get United States of
America or South America showing up like
that there I always say what's the
nearest thing to me and I think it's
going to be that little bit there which
will then kind of go off there and then
I can put in the little pin which holds
the globe into the South Pole and then I
can go around and draw the globe not
very round as it is is quite hard to to
draw from the angle that I'm sitting it
because I I can't actually look right
over the top of my drawing and then from
that point then you're just going to
keep drawing these curves these kind of
melon slices on the world and they get a
little bigger and bigger and bigger and
one more like that which means then that
this can then curve around there and you
will want to see a little bit coming
down there now on the top you've got a
similar thing happening and that will go
down there and that will go down there
and then you want to see a little bit
because that the pin will come up there
and you will see a little bit like that
which kind of slides down there but
sticks into the little stand which will
look like that on the table and then we
want to put the lines of latitude in and
you can take a lot more time and carry
over this and I can and maybe show me
how you do my upload your drawings
things on my website and then I'll show
them all oh that's gone very wobbly down
there on the other end on the sun-baked
gallery review show so they will and I
just could get a little left out Italy
or left out most of Africa India there
we go Kevin United States Mexico give me
the end of it
there we are let's got half the world in
sorry Australia it raised those pencil
lines and put some shading in there like
that
if you want to give it a better 3d nice
you can put a bit of shading in
around like that and then that will be
the shaded across there and like that
let's put it on the table and that will
be sort of shadow coming that way and
let's spin the globe around and hello
Australia and the rest of them I'm sorry
I can only draw one off of the world at
a time Charlie now you like well I hope
you enjoyed that and if you are still in
the mood for drawing and round objects
have a go drawing a scary eyeball or
check out the mystery drawing either way
make sure you're subscribed keep get me
back for new drawing videos on Monday
Wednesday and Friday and the Sunday
gallery review see my vlog channel she
Reina life and in the meantime keep
drawing drawing drawing practice
practice practice and I'll see you next
time you take care now bye bye